:book: Adding ComponentConfig Documentation (#1876)
kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder: docs/book/src/component-config-tutorial/config-type.md

# Adding a new Config Type

> to scaffold out a new config Kind, we can use `kubebuilder create api`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To scaffold out a new config Kind, we can use `kubebuilder create api`.
```

```bash
kubebuilder create api --group config --version v2 --kind ProjectConfig --resource --controller=false --make=false
```

<aside class="note">

<h1>Use --controller=false</h1>

You may notice this command from the `CronJob` tutorial although here we

> explicity setting `--controller=false`, because we don't want to create a
> controller to reconcile this Kind.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
explicity setting `--controller=false` because ProjectConfig is not
intended to be an API extension and cannot be reconciled.
```
